>> Kyle Simpson: Let's dive into an
exercise to practice this module pattern
that we've just learned about.
In this exercise, you are gonna be
refactoring some code that manages
the enrollment records for a workshop.
You're not gonna be changing
the functionality, but
you are gonna be rearranging the code, to
use what we learned about the classic or
the revealing module pattern.
As a bonus, by the way,
feel free to also try re-writing
this using the ES6 module syntax,
after you've done the original
version of the exercise.
So, your instructions are laid out here,
it should be fairly straightforward but
your instructions include defining
a module factory function
called defineWorkshop,
that's going to make and
return those object instances
that represent the public API's.
These five methods or functions are what
needs to be exposed on the public API,
and you're going to end up
defining those functions.
So these are ones that don't exist.
You're gonna expose them in
the public API and then define them.
And you're going to move
the currentEnrollment and studentRecords
arrays into the module, but they need to
be empty arrays inside of the module.
And then you're going to from
the outside use the addStudent and
enrollStudent functions to push the data
into your module instance, okay?
So we're not gonna embed data into
a module that doesn't make any sense,
or hard code data into a module.
So you'll change all of those assignments
to the array into function calls here.
And then we're going to use that
defineWorkshop to make a module
instance called deepJS.
Then we'll call deepJS.addstudent multiple
times to add in the student records,
we'll call deepJS.enrollStudent
several times to enroll them.
And then we will change the references
to the other executables,
to their counterparts on
the deepJS module API.
So that's an overview
of what you're doing.
if you look at the EXJS file,
this is what it looks like,
the functions are at the bottom, and
generally they are split out and hoisted.
And you're simply taking this file
not changing it's behavior per se,
but formatting this as a module.
The take away that you're trying
to get here is the advantages of
the module pattern, are hiding details
that aren't necessary to be exposed.
It is not necessary for
anybody to know that an array is what
is tracking the current enrollments.
Or that there's an array of objects
tracking the current student records.
That is an implementation detail, and
all manner of software engineering
tells that ought to be hidden.
So that it can be future refactored,
so that it can't be abused.
So the idea here is use the model pattern
to hide the details that are necessary,
only expose those public IP
methods that's necessary.